everybody welcome acting on the line
please money-wise again truth + it's a
daily yesterday's daily was terrible we
came 5058 percentile overall it actually
tanked my overall average by like point
six percent which is remarkable it
really is but I tried I still don't feel
like I just totally farted it up so I
must be missing something so obvious
that I can't even see it which doesn't
make any sense today's run at least you
know at first glance seems like my kind
of run the kind of run I ask for all the
time and above all else I have like a
Redemption arc here so I mean I again
feel the need to apologize for
yesterday's daily performance without
putting too much of an excuse on it like
that was a pretty bad pretty bad video
that's not the commentary was okay but
the obviously the performance itself was
not particularly strong but today's
daily is a daily that goes to mega satan
as the lost it goes further than all the
way and it gives you a character that
really tests your skill while
simultaneously like is very very strong
it's what I like about the lost it's
like actually one of the strongest
characters in the game if it could pick
up HP because you're sandbag it's not
really hamstrung that's what I'm looking
for because you're hamstrung by not
being able to pick up HP obviously the
lost it still is a remarkable feat to
win a run is the loss especially you
know going to magazine and we're going
to hope to fulfill that destiny here
today but especially in the early game I
got no problem with being the loss we
are looking for small rock it's not
going to tank our speed because we do
have no speed upgrades right now is that
the way that works I thought it was just
one not hearts and then you gave me
hearts and then I'll heart for beating
you as well okay okay
dolls squandered don't squander it you
got everything you need here bombs we
should turn we should have turned the
spirit hearts into bombs that's the
right course of action here so this is
our secret room this is one way that we
could by the way
at top scores they were in like the 52
high 50 thousands today so if we want to
rank well we have to play pretty well
which sounds obvious but sometimes you
know I've had good scores on dailies I
didn't think I did particularly well on
sometimes you just get like the right
permutations of things and then ends up
working out well for you but today we're
going to have to be good at the video
game she's not always a foregone
conclusion for me I think so far
honestly that ace of clubs play was like
relatively smart but maybe we should
have used our bomb one of them at least
instead to get into the shop and maybe
it's a special shop who knows either way
we're not to put out by the situation
just yet I do want to get a teleport
card and it's okay good for a variety of
reasons but especially good because we
can use that as a get-out-of-jail-free
if we take damage on a big room and one
of the rooms are most likely to take
damage on would probably be a room like
that we do want this for now it's not
like we're using our space bar item
anyway that's another question mark pill
I think but anyway what I'm getting at
is we want some kind of failsafe in case
things go terribly wrong and cursed
skull can actually do that unfortunately
right now to do that is going to be a
little deleterious because it's going to
re-roll holy mantle the only way we can
teleport is by using our space bar item
it's not something I feel great about I
do want to get two more bombs one to
give us access to Isaac's room and then
one more to hopefully give us a chance
to get either a crawl space or a black
market ideally black market of course
because everything get in a black market
is free as the loss let's see how we do
on this deal with the devil first Ace of
Spades
that's a tough situation because I want
to use the ace of spades but I also
really want the bomb so like
I'll do it
the spirit' odds are meaningless it's
something about it still feels wrong but
I think that was right and now that
we've only got two bombs but that at
least gives us access to Isaac's room
and maybe there'll be a bomb on him he
will get one for finishing off this boss
fight or something who knows plenty
items can provide you with the necessary
consumable to get the job done there
mom's pill nonsense
okay here's what you do you ignore this
and you ignore this because we're going
to try to get deals with the angel and
since the release of the new booster
pack deals with the angel that's a
question mark deal I know it to be
certain the tears down was not even that
bad but since angel rooms are better now
my my hope is that we're going to get
something excellent out of them there's
really no reason okay so this was the
right decision because it still gives us
access please but yeah I'm hoping that
the angel rooms will work out for us and
I'm thinking maybe it's possible that
like we need to buy a bomb basically is
the way this goes right now but get one
from our special room here I'm thinking
it's plausible that maybe some people
would absent mindedly take dark bomb
because it's a great item and they would
find themselves being shoehorned into
these deals of the devil admittedly
deals with the devil are great as the
loss because you get a high damage items
for free but I'm going to try to take a
slightly alternate path here not just
the not just to like buck the trend but
to experiment a little bit I guess is
what I'm trying to say here okay we did
get bombs that's good I doubt we'll get
a black market usually like a crawlspace
is probably like a four to one favorite
or something like that but even a
crawlspace can be okay and you know we
can go to our shop as well I'd rather
spend one of our five keys then just
spend one more bomb there's not a good
idea on my part
yeah never should I use that am i
sweating a little bit yes I probably
could use a bomb
my hunch being I can buy one from the
shop probably there we go
you just got with these guys it's all
about the knock back so I'm not even
sweating the time that it's taking us
here okay we've made it we got basically
nothing for our troubles the bomb was
maybe important but all right so what's
the game play we'll go a little faster
here hopefully place a bomb bomb has
given us access to a crawl space and the
crawl space is just a crawl space it
gives us game kid
game kid is better for us by virtue of
the fact that we can use it as a once
every six rooms teleport the
invincibility is basically irrelevant if
we choose to keep curse skull but I
think being able to teleport is more
valuable than being invincible for part
of a room I think at least we've got ace
of hearts I will take a night light I
don't think it's particularly great but
then we got to go the good news is were
not in a bad situation in many different
ways here we ask what is the mirror me
that you know what reddit.com slash are
slash binding of issac I want to know
what the mirrors mean what is this
mirror I have a thousand hours I've
never seen it before yeah but what just
wait a minute this is okay it's a joke I
don't understand what the mirror does is
it is it an Easter Egg I mean I feel
admittedly I feel like an idiot right
now but I want to figure it out limit my
search to our binding of issac relevant
links from the past week booster pack to
new mirror thing
apparently when you touch it it changes
your synergy look when you touch it it
randomizes your look based on your items
okay so it's just uh it's just a visual
thing good to know
okay so I am a genius and everybody can
bow down to my omnipotence because I
just got Godhead out of an angel room so
r.i.p anybody who took dark bomb verb
gives us another full health pill not
that relevant we still we're not
crushing it in terms of our ID our DPS
but the fact that we can home in and
these shots have a large hitbox now is
really nice obviously so Godhead is
hugely valuable still need a little bit
more to take us like completely over the
top here obviously no the pill rank will
help them okay let's get out of here I
was thinking like we might as well come
in here and then if there's enemies we
just teleport out like if we get hit
what you just teleport out good job team
good job okay so I spend so much time
dealing with that freaking mirror on the
last daily I was like what does this
thing do it doesn't change my stats I
want to be a demon honey you can't be a
seaman you gotta be born in the demon
hood you can mom you said I could do
whatever I wanted and I want to be a
demon alright I don't know where this
joke there's no punch line to this joke
it's just it exists to allow me to
construct a ridiculous character and
then there's no framework for that
character we wish to thrive but that's
okay
well I gotta say you know what why did I
not teleport
either way I gotta say we're playing
okay today where do I think we're going
to rank maybe 20 okay that's too far a
few extra bombs and a perk spill
probably a secret room indeed a secret
room and compost you got to feel like
game kids good and invincibility is a
get-out-of-jail-free however compost is
actually like could potentially give us
an outrageous amount of damage if we get
the right sort of permutations I think
so we'll roll at that we will go battery
baby because why not is basically what
it comes down to for me if we got the
money in a big way we might as well
write it turns all consumables as well
so you got to be careful about compost
it's an item that you know I still don't
fully understand embarrassingly enough
but I know when you press the spacebar
you get the spiders so if it can turn
consumables into spiders and flies
that's excellent for me because I'm not
sure if you noticed but like I don't
care about almost any consumable in the
game as The Lost right now well it's not
true I mean you just watch me picked up
pick up money bomb and a key as well but
read hearts in particular are going to
be like completely useless we're back on
schedule for timing I think we're just
gonna take it and then we're going to
grab all these and then we're going to
do that we're going to hold per throw
because we can and unfortunately we're
not gonna be able to blow up the angel
statue but we don't need to it would
have been nice to do so but I didn't
have any points at the time or sorry I
didn't have any bombs at the time it
does give you more points to blow up the
angel statue so
maybe I should use compost first I mean
we're going to be getting a lot of
batteries is the thing you don't really
need a fool card to blow this up for
more spiders potentially I want the
bombs but I will compost everything else
the idea is it's a proactive play to be
using compost whereas the game kid was a
reactive play that doesn't mean people
always act as if like things that are
proactive or better than things that are
reactive I mean that's probably largely
true unless you're proactive in a really
bad way like what if you're like I'm
worried about a meteor hitting the
planet so I built a bunker and use our
life savings honey that was a were
destitute now we can't buy groceries
well it's always better to be proactive
than reactive right that's that's a
fallacious argument being reactive is
okay that's why we have you know
reaction time
don't proactively slam on the brakes and
go like I could have come over into this
lane although that is kind of the basis
of defensive driving on a conceptual
level at least by the way I don't
understand I thought curse skull made it
so be teleported every time we use our
space fire item but apparently it's not
the case all right so that was our smart
per throw because we had nothing else to
do with that maybe if you have holy
mantle you don't get acted it doesn't
really make sense to me but either way
the teleport is important I would like
to have it but we can replace it with
another trinket I suppose and be
completely fine I don't think we want
anything there what we will do is look
for our no we've already been to our
shop I would look for our item room and
then move on from there I mean I guess
we could blow that thing up and maybe
composted is it like a donation machine
for consumable sorta probably not it
probably just acts like a slot machine
if you blow it up it's my guess
I will always pick up anything but read
hearts or not not always but for now I
will pick up anything but read hearts
and spirits I suppose because we could
still use them and they're still worth
points no matter what like a lovers card
you pop that down for surgeons and then
an ace of clubs hmm got to think about
that one we're not short on time but I
don't particularly want to take forever
here we should have used compost as well
I think it's always better to use it
when it has a charge instead of always
waiting for consumables but maybe I'm
incorrect in that assessment I'm not
sure it's this he's not a secret room
Celtic Cross is meaningless but I will
pick it up out of some strange sense of
duty and I was like let's get compost
before we fight these bosses and that
was idiotic unfortunately so I'm holding
the death card because I think that has
value but I got to move on now and I've
made a big width there I should have
done them the boss trap room like that
was my intention but hey if that's the
thing you're going to complain about my
day I'm talking about myself here I'm
hoping not too many people are
complaining about this so far but if
that's what we're going to find
ourselves complaining about on the last
run life is good as far as I'm concerned
the death card is not traditionally that
great but in a game like this where you
know getting hit twice on a single room
kills us I think it's valuable you that
death card is like a way to get a pseudo
get-out-of-jail-free I also might just
completely rebuke everything that I said
and use the death card as a way to get a
pretty big room killed like quickly this
guy can sneak shops through the rocks so
you got to be careful there may be
pennies are more valuable to us as flies
but we'll figure it out one day addicted
1 makes you larger neither that bad
really
I'm starting to realize one speed is not
all that much you know we could really
use like the easiest damage augmenter
for us right now is if we were just able
to get piercing shots because our tears
are not that good right now you've got
it or no God in you know I think I've
kind of I've helped build the narrative
that if you have God head you don't need
anything else it's not true really at
least I will also say I'm not overly
concerned about boss rush right now this
might be one of those runs where the
boss rush is not the right call it's
just so likely we die on it due to the
fact that I mean we have four point four
seven damage and an eleven rate of fire
and no means with which to escape from
boss rush if we do get hit once I guess
we get a teleport card we should try to
go to boss rush and if a miracle happens
we could live through it and if it
doesn't happen then we just teleport out
Thank You Godhead Godhead did the did
the deed for us on that one the shots
were not supposed to hit but the hitbox
made them hit it's a troll bomb okay
well again we're kind of in the
situation where we basically have to go
as fast as we can that's always a little
scary
we completely chose the wrong direction
if we had some kind of mapping we
wouldn't have to go as fast as we can we
do want to go to the shop on this floor
though because the chance of getting
something useful is magnified by the
fact that we definitely will not have
green because we already fought greed in
the secret room so but it is it's a
bummer to be this far into the daily and
be like yeah oh my best damage dealer
probably attack fly but you know what
thank God we have a tax lie but we would
like to go slightly faster because of
the whole like we got to go thing what
hurt people there I don't know what it
was but I like it
we will take 9 volt we're not going to
take the jar hang demand is also useless
fishtail + compost that's the dream so
what every time we generate flies we now
generate twice as many maybe spiders - I
don't know so pop here a font double it
up I know we lost some things in the
middle there but I'm completely ok with
that
ok with 9 volt this means we're getting
a lot of flies I don't know if we found
the if we found the seam we found the
keys for the kingdom or something like
that but we've got like a strictly
better version of Guppies head now dolt
smelted both of our trinkets that's
pretty solid we probably should have
smelted the golden key if I'm being
honest what are we hoping to get out of
a golden key it's late in the game
it's a great opportunity to use one of
your many bombs I think are pretty flew
pretty fly blocked that shot so that not
that one though you got to go like no oh
that one actually kills me inside I had
it under control like a hundred percent
oh dude that one like after I died I got
like a pain in the back of my skull and
that is the pain of idiocy that hurts me
because I had such a good position going
either way it is what it is came top
1,000 but we were I was gunning for like
a top 100 there and it all came crashing
down oh oh that hurts
I wasn't trying to get close was trying
to get close to place a bomb I wasn't
trying to get close to use the orbital
that's a bomber at least the rank is not
terrible but thanks for watching hope
you guys enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button upside a great
deal of course subscribe if you wanna
see more in the future for now thanks
for watching and I'll see you next time